Really, it's only been a few months
This is not allowed to eat, and that is not allowed to dry.
Let it go
Miss, eat less
You forgot Concubine Shu's plan before
Your Majesty, this is also for your own good
However, Concubine Shu's cakes are really delicious
Now this one.
Can't compare
Your Majesty, why are you here?
Don't eat it, be careful of choking
How many times have I told you?
Don't be greedy don't be greedy
Why don't you listen?
Green dill take this pastry away
Don't feed it to the queen again
The emperor has said it's alright
Have some pastries
The emperor said that he was afraid that the fetal egg would be difficult to deliver
Go out for a walk
The emperor said that he was afraid of getting cold
I can only walk around in this yard, no problem
It's all a problem
I only care about you
And him
I'm afraid in the eyes of the emperor
Just him.
In my opinion, Your Majesty, you are too idle
Your Majesty, look
I have a big belly
It is also impossible to serve the emperor
Why don't I arrange a draft?
I heard that the daughter of the Minister of Nursing's family is on her way
Why don't you bring him into the palace?
It is also good to serve the emperor
Lest the emperor run to me every day
Ask the emperor not to refuse?
Don't, don't
I'm running here now
I think it's fine.
Don't schedule any more drafts
But I heard
Forget about the daughter of the scribe
It looks like a flower
slim
Maybe the emperor will like it
I still have some official business to attend to
Just go first
You have a good rest
Have a good rest.
Well, then send it to the emperor